#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
    #   pytest
babel==2.15.0
    # via sphinx
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   kombu
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
boto3==1.34.113
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
botocore==1.34.113
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   event-tracking
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-toggles
coverage[toml]==7.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django==4.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-toggles
    #   event-tracking
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   openedx-events
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-model-utils==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-completion
django-oauth-toolkit==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
doc8==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-ccx-keys==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-celeryutils==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-completion==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==5.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-events
edx-drf-extensions==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-completion
edx-i18n-tools==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-events
edx-sphinx-theme==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
edx-toggles==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   event-tracking
event-tracking==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-completion
fastavro==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
freezegun==0.3.15
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
fs==2.4.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   xblock
fs-s3fs==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via sphinx
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   sphinx
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
kombu==5.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
lazy==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
lxml[html-clean]==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   xblock
lxml-html-clean==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
mako==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   xblock
mock==3.0.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
more-itertools==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
mysqlclient==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==9.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nh3==0.2.17
    # via readme-renderer
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
openedx-django-pyfs==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
openedx-events==9.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   event-tracking
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
path==16.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   sphinx
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   freezegun
    #   xblock
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   babel
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   edx-completion
    #   event-tracking
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   xblock
readme-renderer==43.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
redis==5.0.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
requests==2.32.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   sphinx
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via doc8
s3transfer==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
    #   event-tracking
    #   freezegun
    #   fs
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   mock
    #   more-itertools
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   doc8
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   doc8
typing-extensions==4.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   jwcrypto
    #   kombu
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
    #   pytest
web-fragments==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
xblock[django]==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-completion
zipp==3.19.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
