#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tincan
apache-libcloud==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.1.0
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
    #   pytest
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   kombu
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
boto3==1.34.49
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
botocore==1.34.49
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
celery==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   event-tracking
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
coverage[toml]==7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-fernet-fields-v2
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
dill==0.3.8
    # via pylint
django==3.2.24
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-crum
    #   django-fernet-fields-v2
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-redis
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-toggles
    #   event-tracking
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
django-config-models==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-fernet-fields-v2==0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
django-model-utils==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-completion
django-oauth-toolkit==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-celeryutils==1.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
edx-completion==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-events
edx-drf-extensions==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-completion
edx-event-routing-backends @ git+https://github.com/open-craft/event-routing-backends.git@jill/fix-no-openedx
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-i18n-tools==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.3.6
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-events
edx-toggles==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
    #   event-tracking
event-tracking==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
fastavro==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
fasteners==0.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
freezegun==0.3.15
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
fs==2.4.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   xblock
fs-s3fs==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
jwcrypto==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
kombu==5.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
lazy==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
lxml==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   xblock
mako==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   xblock
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mock==3.0.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
more-itertools==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
mysqlclient==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==9.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
openedx-django-pyfs==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
openedx-events==9.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   event-tracking
openedx-filters==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
path==16.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via pylint
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pylint==3.1.0
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
    #   freezegun
    #   xblock
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
    #   event-tracking
    #   tincan
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   xblock
redis==5.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-redis
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   apache-libcloud
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
s3transfer==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   event-tracking
    #   freezegun
    #   fs
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   isodate
    #   mock
    #   more-itertools
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via pydocstyle
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tincan==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via pylint
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   jwcrypto
    #   kombu
    #   pylint
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
    #   pytest
web-fragments==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
xblock[django]==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-completion

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
